I don't come back and this video we're looking at creating our Twitter app.
Now the app is just something to tell Twitter that we are going to be requesting access tokens and request
all kinds of things like that.
Basically when the user logs in with Twitter they're going to receive the screen saying do you want
to authorize your Twitter app name here to use your Twitter.
So we have to create an app so that users can authorize it and then we will use it to do the requesting
in behalf of the user.
So let's go to apps dot Twitter and dot com.
And then you need to be logged in in order to do that.
So you need to log in to Twitter or create an account and then go to create a new app.
Here you can put in the application details and the users are going to be looking at this name so you
can give it a different name.
In my case I call that tweet and Eliza SAAC for school of code.
You can call it whatever you want.
It has to be unique.
And then a description such as what it does this application analyzes tweets.
Its a work in progress going to that and then a web site.
We dont have a website for this app yet but we can just put none yet there or just a placeholder whatever
you want.
The Colback you RL is where the user is redirected to when they sign in with Twitter.
We dont have a Web site yet so we don't have a callback Ural either.
We can just leave it blank.
Finally you have to agree to the developer agreement.
You can read that if you want.
And thats it.
And you can just sorry it has to be a valid Web site so just put exampled or com that should be fine
and then thats it.
So once that's done your application will be created and then you have here a few things.
You have some details about your app and you have keys and access tokens which are important you have
permissions.
What sort of things you're going to be doing in the users Twitter accounts and you have your settings
which Odgers your name and things like that.
The important part is the keys and access tokens.
In fact the most important part is the consumer key and the consumer secret.
What is a consumer a key and a consumer secret.
Well in order to be able to perform requests to Twitter we need to first tell Twitter that we are this
application.
So we need to specify these two things when we are asking for request tokens or access tokens.
If we tell to these two values here they know we tweet analyzer school of code and then we can then
ask for request tokens or for access tokens.
So these two are important and were going to be using those in the next video when we create these loggin
with Twitter.
Also if you see that if you think that somebody has access to this consumer key or consumer secret for
example if you share it with somebody then you should regenerate consumer and see and make sure that
nobody has access to these numbers.
They are they should be private they should be secret.
OK.
That's right.
And then we're going to be going into the next video.
We're going to be looking at creating this log in with Twitter in a console so that we get the full
flow of how this really works.
So what's your next video.